hi everyone welcome back to valentine my  name is zaki you're looking at mobile  gameplay right now for valrant it was  leaked by danny intel today this is not  a surprise because riot confirmed mobile  coming last year and so this is the  login screen as you can see it's all in  chinese  that's because this is where the beta  testing is occurring the second screen  we have is when you log in you can see  the loading screen with jets dagger and  then eventually you'll find this screen  where you can find games  the interface looks different to pc  which is to be expected once you have  found a game this is the character  select screen you can see silver and on  the left you see phoenix jet breach and  kiljoy in this gameplay we see no new  agents yet once the game begins this is  what ascent looks like in mobile what do  you think of the graphics here it looks  different to what we saw about a year  ago but still quite similar i expect we  see more updates on this in the summer  when riot will officially announce stuff  but valrant is prone to leaks and that's  what we're seeing right now on that note  the next agent and the gameplay about a  week ago new agent gameplay was leaked  riot would not confirm it but since the  night market came out last night  the latest night market image has an  ink-like substance floating around in  the air it looks similar to what we can  see floating around the alleged agents  hands in the image that was leaked a  week ago  if you look at this image you will see  that there is ink floating around  and it looks incredibly similar to what  we saw about a week ago this means that  if it was real the new agent was leaked  a month early which means people are  breaking their contract that said i  expect more leaks to come like this as  no real punishment is done when people  leak this gameplay and pretty much every  agent ever has always been leaked except  for chamber what do you think about  valor and mobile and what do you think  about the next agent have a great day  everyone i'll see you in the next fallon  hub video  [Music]  you